But uh you know it's yeah the LLMs are
are really seeking towards
high intent content buyer specific
content and there's some specific
content tactics that we can go into that
you know are have been known to SEOs but
not so favored but now they're probably
my favorite content tactics to do on new
websites because they're getting picked
up by LM so fast.
>> Okay, so alphabet soup there everyone.
There's all these different names. It's
hard to follow it. This is where the
debate is and and really the debate is
around is whatever this is new the same
as what was existing and where I'm
falling on it is these are foundational
basics that the search engines used but
the technology wasn't around four years
ago. Okay, it's a brand new technology
so it can be no way be the same thing.
They might be similar tactics and there
is like a vin diagram overlay of what
those things are but it's something new
and the trend is more and more people
are going to use these LM tools and get
comfortable with them and that's where
the market's going. So you're either
going to be on like this kind of road to
nowhere um or you're going to have to
take a left turn somewhere. And if you
listen to previous podcasts, um I I am
kind of uh recapturing some of the
thoughts of thought leaders that have
shared that kind of viewpoint in the
past and it falls in line with what
we're doing and where we're going.
There's a foundation. So, I think
traditional SEO and doing SEO the right
way is a foundation and there's some
tech debt of people that haven't done
SEO or haven't viewed it properly. Going
through the digital transformation,
they're getting caught up of what they
needed to do to lay that foundation and
get that um their data integrity kind of
cleaned up. Um I think there's data
hygiene issues that are happening and
that's what SEO is doing. It's
categorizing. It's putting in the right
category. And then now you got this
machine layer that you want to add on to
the top of it. Oh, by the way, I did
just launch a book, LM Visibility, guys.
Go check it out. Shameless plug. I'm
sorry. Um, but what I can tell you is
you have to do that stuff to do this
other stuff because if you do this other
stuff, the the AI systems are not going
to know what this stuff is. So, I mean,
what are some of the things in the data
points, Connor, that that you're seeing?
You're really deep in a lot of different
accounts. Uh, Carrot is the official
partner of of EWR for all our enterprise
accounts. It's where we're tracking our
visibility. Um, and we're getting some
really interesting heat maps and data
points. And, and it would be interesting
to share, you know, there's a lot of
talk of like the market keeps changing.
We're discovering new things.